October 30, 1998
I debuted as a new generation sports sedan
It is an arteta
There are so many cars
I was waiting for the birth of this car
I am down to Japan
Because there was no compact fr sports sedan
Is
Arteta mounted two engines
one
I went to the in-line four-cylinder boh
1-3 months in number g type
Real vvt-i or
Mass production company's first
By adoption of titanium alloy valve
Fast mt model
210 horsepower
Demonstrated 22.0 kg meters
on the other hand
2 liter in-line 6 cylinder beauty hc
Put 1gfi
Continuously variable valve timing mechanism on the intake side
equipped with vvt-i
160 horsepower
Proud of 20.4 kg m
Transmission is
Four cylinders are in the six foot garden
Sticky with high speed adc
Six cylinders
Although it was only TSE Young Seok at
later
Unique mt was added
The suspension is
A four wheel double wish that can be regarded as a standard of sports model
Bone
Affordable body size is also included
Artetaha
It can be said that it is an ideal car as a fr sedan
July 2001
Intended to further expand the user base
Artek is
Launch a sports wagon with a sub-name of ground
By the way
Naming that it was ground is for exclusive use in Japan
At Lexus stores in the West
Sold under the name Sports Cross
This
Because we gave priority to exercise performance
Rather than a wagon
Near 5-door hatchback
It was not in the previous Japanese specifications
3 liter in-line 6 cylinder pohca people
It is characterized that it carried Nissei z finance
2120 horsepower
This engine that demonstrates 310.0 kg meter
Combination with high-speed upper body
Indeed the king hand to iron
This is the ideal Altezza
The voice is about to happen
already
Six years have passed since my debut
Artek is
As a central existence of the Lexus brand that Toyota considers
The appearance of a new model is rumored